Now previously when we topped show I.P not translations we only had inside local inside global one entry.
That is the static entry.
There's no outside local or outside global address because that's not being knotted.
It's tripe telnetting 2 8 1 1 5 Notice it says Poskitt required but none sent.
And the connection was terminated.
So on a one line between 0 to 5 logon password Cisco enable password Cisco on rotisserie do the telnet
again.
Notice I can log in to Rodda one when I now look at the net translations on rodded t you can see that
there are multiple nocte translations here.
We've got two telnet sessions and that may be because the other net translation hasn't timed out when
actually all the translations show IP net translation shows that one entry
we've got our next translation back again.
So inside local This IP address has got a telnet session port 23 going to it.
So this router 8 1 1 2 is using an ephemeral port in the woods.
A random port number to access Rato one on port 23 router 3 however is using this IP address to access
this IP address on the outside internet which is then translated to this address internally allowing
rotisserie to access Router one.
Now there's no better way than looking at why shock to see what's actually going on.
So I'll start with shock on router to use fast Ethan interface so I'm to start was shocked when this
interface
I'm going to hit enter on router 3.
I noticed that some telnet data now so some told that data from 8 1 1 2 2 8 1 1 5 and 8 1 1 5 2 8 1
1 2.
So in the telnet sessions what you'll notice is that the telnet to data in this case a carriage return
is going from 8 to 1 1 to 2 8 1 1 5 and then there's a reply back again.
So if I type enable and then put my password in what we'll see in the output here.
Is that data.
So let's filter for Telenet scrolling down we can see that Rodda one was telling Ratatouille about the
prompt and then wrote it to top enable and there we go carriage return Rodda one requested a password
and then wrote it to and did C.I. as CEO and there's the password and head carriage return.
And then the prompt changed Serrato one told rotatory that the new prompt is our one hash or £0.
The important piece to note is that all communication on this link is between 8 1 1 2 and 8 1 1 5 which
is the inside global address of the router 10 1 1 1 I'll stop the capture.
And now let's do it again.
I'll start the capture on the inside interface.
So I'm going to do it on first.
Ethan it is 0 0 of to full to this.
Once again for telnet traffic and on Rodda 3.
Now let's type exit and telnet back again.
Put in the password top enable put in the password.
So when you look at this traffic notice it's from 8 1 1 to the rotisseries IP address going to 10 1
1 1 router one's IP address.
So all the Tolmach traffic in this output
including the password that's being sent NCIS CO2 is from 8 1 1 2 2 10 1 1 1.
This router in the middle is translating 8 1 1 5 2 8 1 1 2 4 all traffic between Rato 1 and router three.